Add composer guide, "how to update" docs. Improve a few other articles. (#194)
flarum/docs: docs/extenders.md

# Local Extenders

> If there's customizations you want to make to your site without distributing an entire extension, you can do so via local extenders. Each Flarum installation comes with an `extend.php` file where you can add extender instances, just like in a full extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are customizations you want to make to your site without distributing an entire extension, you can do so by using **local extenders**. Each Flarum installation comes with an `extend.php` file where you can add extender instances, just like in a full extension.
```
